Some fixes over 0.2.0 (#22)
eProsima/eProsima-CI: versions.md

- [v0.2.0](#v0.2.0)

## Forthcoming

This release includes the following **bug-fixes**:

- Fix codecov action
- Fix windows `install_python_packages` action

> - Let find artifacts of just completed workflows, and not only for success ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find artifacts of just completed workflows, and not only for successful ones.
```
